[HIROTO] Races that start
with a "Ready, set, go."
Exam scores.
Follower counts.
Restaurants chasing their stars.
Society is predicated
on hierarchies.
If every person on this planet
were to be given
a single all-encompassing rank,
I wonder where I would place.
I probably wouldn't be
at the bottom,
but I definitely wouldn't be
at the top.
Out of a hundred million,
I'm betting I'd stand
around ninety-millionth place.
[ICHINOSE]
Next up.
Transfer student
turned Academy Representative.
Hiroto Shinohara
will now address you.
[HIROTO]
But if I've learned anything?
It's not to take rankings
at face value.
What you see before you
isn't always
what it appears to be.
You see,
the world is full of lies.
How's it going?
My name's Hiroto Shinohara,
your new Seven Star.
For the next two years,
one person and one person alone
will reign over you as your lord
and master, and that's me.
You could be an empress
or an extra.
Doesn't matter.
You plebs
aren't getting my Stars.
If you aren't cool with that,
then come at me any time.
I'll take your game requests
whenever you'd like.
That is, as long you don't mind
being absolutely crushed
and humiliated in front
of the entire student body.
Try as you
pathetic losers might.
It's all in vain.
Because Academy Island's
top rank position...
Belongs to me.
Ah, but of course,
that was all a lie.
How am I supposed to live up
to a speech like that?
[NARRATOR]
Hello, newcomers.
Welcome to Academy Island!
Student life
in this scholastic paradise
is supported by the very latest
in technological advancement.
Provided by Japan's
leading company,
the Saionji Corporation.
Your rank in this institution
will be determined
by the number of Stars you have
to your name.
"But how do I gain stars?"
I hear you ask?
Well, the quickest
and most convenient method
is to earn them
by competing in games
with your fellow students.
So, play games, win stars,
and aim for the singular
Seven Star title,
the highest rank
a student can achieve!
Your new life as a student,
and your path to a better,
brighter future, starts today!
[HIROTO]
I never even wanted
to become a Seven Star
in the first place!
So why...
Is this happening to me?
Okay.
If that's me, then...
I'm lost.
Um...
[SARASA]
Yes?
What is it?
[HIROTO] Oh, wow.
This girl is like super cute!
No, wait, scratch that.
She's more pretty than cute.
Those ruby eyes!
She looks familiar, though.
Have I seen her somewhere
before?
An idol?
A model?
So, um.
Did you have a question or not?
I don't really have a lot
of time to hang around.
Oh, my bad.
That is to say, sorry.
I do have a question.
You see. I only just arrived
on the Island yesterday,
and well, I think
I might be lost.
Do you know how to get
to Eimei Academy from here?
Eimei Academy
is in District Four, right?
This is District Three.
Eimei Academy, right here.
Not too good with maps, huh?
-I'm sorry.
-No need to apologize.
And you don't need
to be so formal, either.
You're a second-year,
aren't you?
That means we're the same age
as each other.
I guess you're right about that.
Wait, what?
How'd you know what year I'm in?
Using your Device,
you can easily access
basic information
about the people around you,
like their name,
and academic details.
Of course, that only applies
if the person is lower in rank
than you.
Honestly, I'm surprised
you didn't already know that!
Aren't device overviews a part
of the standard student
induction process?
Ah, well,
I'm kind of in the habit
of skipping tutorials.
[giggle] Seriously?
Are you in the habit
of asking strangers
to catch you up
on things instead?
All right, let me see
your Device for a second.
The Device is an essential tool
for life on the Island.
Not only is it the one place
you'll find a workable map,
but its built-in
social media app "Stoc"
is pretty vital if you want
to keep up-to-date with things.
You can send and receive
messages through it, too.
Also, this app is how you send
game requests.
If you wanna take
someone's Stars,
then just load it up
and play, 'kay?
Uh, thank you.
[giggle]
[SARASA] That said,
technology is only
as good as the user.
The Device isn't gonna
be much help
if you can't make sense
of the map.
District four is nearby.
I can take you
as far as the entrance
to the major plaza there,
so stay close.
Oh, sure thing.
[HIROTO]
Man, she has a cute smile.
[SARASA]
So if you only got in yesterday,
does that mean
you're a transfer student?
[HIROTO]
Yeah.
Would have been
a pretty lousy first day
if I missed
the orientation ceremony.
Oh, that's right!
Our orientation's
this afternoon, too!
I gotta go!
This is District Four.
-Think you can manage from here?
-Ah, yeah. Thank you!
Right! See ya!
Are you okay?
Tell me, and be honest,
is this what you were planning
the whole time?
Huh? What do you mean,
planning?
This was obviously
just a coincidence.
"Obviously"?
I wonder about that.
I mean, you don't look
very surprised to me,
and this whole thing
has been off from the start.
A student who can't use
the standard-issue Device?
Wandering haplessly
around District Three,
asking directions to Four?
This plaza was the closest route
between the two.
You weaponized your ignorance,
knowing I'd have to lead you
this way myself.
No, that's not what--
Quiet! I don't want to hear
your excuses.
I bet you wanted this.
Embarrass me,
douse me like a fool
then take advantage
in the aftermath!
But it's not gonna happen!
That does it!
You want a game so bad?
I'll give you one!
You're a student
of Academy Island.
So face me head-on, you coward!
[HIROTO]
If that's what it takes.
All I ask I is that
when the game's over,
you hear me out, alright?
Oh? Come up with some
clever excuse, did you?
Fine, then.
I'll listen to what you have
to say, but that's all.
[HIROTO]
[sigh] I guess it's a start.
Hurry up and make the request,
already!
Are you still playing
the newbie?
You know as well as I do
that the game request
has to come
from the lower-ranked player.
Oh. Sending request now.
Alright. I've received it.
So, the details
of the game are...
Jeez. The requester
has to set parameters
for the game that the players
can follow.
If the higher-ranked person
picked the game,
they could just stack the odds
in their favor and win.
So, to be fair,
the requester gets to decide.
But not you, huh?
I'm just one big joke to you,
aren't I?
I don't follow.
The game request you sent
is totally blank!
You haven't set
any conditions at all!
Oh, I get it.
You're so confident
you can beat me at anything
that you're giving me
free rein to decide?
[HIROTO]
No, that's not it at all!
I was just pushing random
buttons!
I didn't know what they meant!
[SARASA]
You know?
It's been a long time
since anyone's made me feel
an ice-cold fury like this.
If that's what you want to think
about me, then fine.
[HIROTO] So? Are you gonna
choose a game, or what?
You're mocking me! Okay.
Stay right there
while I get this game set up!
♪
A "turn-based staring contest"
on hard mode?
[SARASA] Ready? Like the name
suggests, this game
is a harder version
of a staring contest.
In a normal staring contest,
you laugh, you lose.
But in this one,
any reaction's a loss.
Those sensors?
They're watching
your every move.
Show the slightest twitch
of emotion, and it's game over.
And the turn-based part?
Just what it sounds like,
you and I will trade off
taking turns throughout.
Now, when it's your turn,
you're free to make whatever
expression you want,
free of any penalty.
Pull a face,
make an impression,
do whatever you can
to make me react.
While it's your turn,
you're the attacker.
You get sixty seconds
and then we switch.
Makes sense.
Why don't we get
this game started, then, huh?
You sure?
You haven't even selected
an ability yet.
Ability?
[HIROTO] I really should read
the tutorials.
I'll just go ahead
and skip mine.
I'll be fine without one.
[SARSA] Fine without one?
Who is this guy?
Yeah, abilities.
Even having one of them
restricted in the application
can be a massive handicap
to a seasoned combatant,
and you're gonna stand there
and tell me you can win
without using any abilities
at all?
What a joke!
I screwed up.
[chuckle] I get it. That's fine.
Totally fine,
if that's the way you want it,
then that's the way
we're gonna do it.
Let's just begin, shall we?
It's time somebody put you
in your place!
[WOMAN 1]
The game has begun.
Right.
The game will start off
with you going first.
From there, turns will change
every sixty seconds
without warning.
For me at least,
I'm afraid you won't enjoy
the luxury of a full minute.
Ability.
Numeric Adjustment Level Seven.
Reduce opponent's turn duration,
to one tenth.
Huh? Hey, come on,
that's cheating!
What are you talking about?
That was a commonly-used
basic tactical ability.
You know, like the one of many
you passed on setting up.
[WOMAN 1]
Turn over.
Now it's my turn!
Creation EX. Activate!
What the heck is that?
What's happening?
What you do you think it is?
It's an ability. D'uh.
Well?
Aren't you gonna run away?
Run away?
Of course. After all,
I did just create a weapon.
Last chance.
-Take this!
-Woah!
A razor-edged sword
arcing his way
should unnerve him no doubt!
Fear, surprise, exhaustion.
Anything goes for the sensors!
But fatigue's a blade
that cuts both ways.
I bet he thinks
if he keeps dodging,
I'll run out of steam
and ease up the offense.
Well, too bad!
[HIROTO]
What the heck?
Why are all these people
watching us?
[SARASA]
My clothes are drying off.
That's a relief.
At least I won't have to go
to the orientation soaked.
Why?
[SARASA]
Today's the opening ceremony.
As an academy representative,
I have to go up in front
of everybody.
And now, I'll have to do it wet!
[WOMAN 1]
Turn over.
You perfectly timed
the sprinkler system
to get my dry clothes
damp again, didn't you?
[HIROTO]
No, I didn't! It's just busted!
[SARASA] I can't go in front
of the other students like this.
But even right here.
All of these strangers.
Are staring at me soaking wet.
The reaction he wanted from me
wasn't exhaustion, was it?
It was embarrassment!
Don't look at me!
[WOMAN 1] Sarasa Saionji,
expression change confirmed.
[Ichinose sighs]
Game-winning condition
achieved. Result.
Star Ownership is transferred
from Sarasa Saionji
to Hiroto Shinohara.
-Did Sarasa Saionji just lose?
-The Empress?
No way!
-[HIROTO] Hey.
-[SARASA] Leave me alone.
[ASSISTANT]
Hiroto Shinohara, yes?
Good day, sir.
The headmistress
requests your presence.
[ICHINOSE]
Oh, dear. Oh, dear, oh, dear.
Only your first day,
transfer student,
and look at the mess
you've wrought.
Are you talking about that game
out in the plaza?
[ICHINOSE]
Yes.
At least you're observant.
I'm sorry
but what's the problem?
Aren't games like that
an everyday thing here?
They are.
Regular games, that is.
But unfortunately for you,
this one was different.
Indeed.
You've unwittingly broken
a rather precarious taboo,
champ.
Let's review the situation.
This morning, on your way
to the Orientation Ceremony,
you got lost and met a girl.
You were so taken by her beauty,
that you devised a wicked plan
to isolate, sexually harass,
and coerce her into a game
which you then won
by publicly humiliating her.
I guess that's right, but I was
just asking for directions.
The harassment
is the only real problem.
The taking of the stars,
not so much.
That's actually normal
for students of Eimei Academy.
[HIROTO] Look, the whole thing
was a misunderstanding!
[ICHINOSE] But,
a misunderstanding with her.
A second-year
high school student
from Ouka Academy
in District three,
she achieved the highest
entrance exam score
in our history,
going on to claim
the top position
as the Island's only Seven Star.
Until today,
her loss column stood at zero.
That captivating beauty
you stumbled across
is known to many
as the "Empress" Sarasa Saionji.
[HORITO] Saionji? I think
I've heard that name before.
[ICHINOSE]
You probably have.
The Saionji family are
the founders of Academy Island.
The current Head Director
of the island
is Masamune Saionji.
Sarasa is Masamune Saionji's
granddaughter.
She's a VIP among VIPs.
You mean to say
I beat the Empress.
Yes. An unimportant
little worm like you.
A boy with the lowest transfer
exam score in our history,
barely scraping in.
Someone of such
refreshingly low status.
A grunt. An NPC.
Alright, alright,
I get it already.
Do you really?
A boy like you dominating
Masamune's granddaughter?
That man's a tremendously
staunch, prideful,
and merciless individual.
And he's very scary
when he's angry.
[HIROTO]
So then, am I expelled?
If that would fix things,
it would've already happened.
The Head Director
would do anything
to protect
the Saionji family reputation.
Anything.
But!
There is still a way
to snatch you back
from the jaws of doom.
And that,
is to make you a Seven Star.
What is the most troubling part
of this situation?
It's the fact that the Empress,
Sarasa Saionji.
Was defeated by a troglodyte.
If she was defeated
by a comparative equal,
Masamune Saionji
likely wouldn't be so upset.
So, we'll just make you the same
level as her.
You'll become a Seven Star.
Woah, hold on! I'm a One.
I couldn't make it to Seven
if it killed me!
Right? Someone like you
could never dream
of such an accomplishment,
what with being
the insignificant little nobody
that you so painfully are!
Come on, I said
I get the picture already.
But luck is on your side.
Check out your Device.
You just won a game
against the Empress, didn't you?
Look at the color of the Star
you stole from her.
[HIROTO] Wait. Aren't Stars
supposed to be white?
[ICHINOSE]
Yes, but that's no normal Star.
Only ten or 15 special Stars
like that one
have been confirmed
on the island.
The Red Star carries with it
a special effect, you see.
When you think of the color red,
what comes to mind?
Uh, ketchup?
Thank you for the surprisingly
cute answer.
But, no.
That devilish Red Star
confers to you.
The ability to lie!
One time about anything.
That's all.
Get it? Aren't lies
red by their very definition?
[HIROTO]
A lie? No way.
[ICHINOSE]
The only way.
Use the lie to augment
your Star classification,
and become a Seven Star.
-But, is that even possible?
-It is.
Before the Empress held it,
that Red Star
was in the possession
of the Saionji family,
remaining in their care
for quite some time.
Not many people around today are
aware of its effect.
Then, how do you know about it?
Because I, myself,
am a previous Red Star holder.
So what you're saying is I have
to become a fake Seven Star?
[ICHINOSE]
Yes. We'll sell it like,
"Transfer student gets
record-breaking test scores,
surpassing even the Empress."
Or perhaps
"A new genius appears,
making it to Seven Star
on his very first day!"
Of course,
you don't have to do this.
You can decline.
The choice is entirely yours.
If red's just not your color,
then pack up your things
and leave the island.
We'll say you leveraged
an illegal ability
against the Empress,
nullifying the match.
But do you really want it
to end like that?
Didn't you have a reason
for coming here?
-A goal?
-[HIROTO] Yes.
I do have a goal.
There's someone I have to find.
I can't accept a bad ending.
If you give up now, it's over.
In fact, you'll probably
never see her again.
Sounds like you've really
thought this all through.
[ICHINOSE]
No.
This is as much a surprise
to me as to anyone else.
But I'm quite the
ambitious woman at my core.
If an opportunity falls
into my lap,
I'm hardly going to pass it up.
[HIROTO]
Play the part, huh?
If that's what it takes.
I'll do it.
[groans]
[laugh] That was incredible!
The sheer audacity!
I don't see
what's so funny about it.
"As long you don't mind being
absolutely crushed
and humiliated in front
of the entire student body."
-You're making fun of me.
-No, not at all!
I'm cheering for you. [laughs]
But in all seriousness,
that was a master-class
in psychological subversion.
You're a natural
at disconnecting
your inner feelings
and outward appearance.
Scouting you for this academy
was clearly a stroke of genius.
[sighs]
[HIROTO]
So, um, question.
Where am I supposed to live
from now on?
[ICHINOSE] Oh,
I've arranged a dorm for you.
I'll send the coordinates
to your Device.
[HIROTO]
Appreciate it.
See you soon.
Looking forward to your next
great performance!
"If you don't mind
being absolutely crushed
and humiliated."
A red lie. [sighs]
Hey. You know,
that was a wonderful speech
you gave at the ceremony today.
[HIROTO]
How did you?
[SARSA]
It's plastered all over Stoc.
So, what is it you want exactly?
You found my weakness
and thrust yourself
into the spotlight.
And yet you still haven't
exposed my secret?
What're you doing?
Gathering more attention
before you absolutely crush me?
Please.
I'm begging you. Don't.
I know I have no right to ask.
I know I'm being selfish,
but I have my reasons
for doing this.
Reasons for keeping up this lie.
Whatever the cost.
So I'm begging you. Please.
I'll do anything you ask,
just don't tell anyone, okay?
[HIROTO]
Look, I'm sorry.
But I have no idea
what you're talking about.
[SARASA]
Quit playing dumb!
I'm not messing around here,
this is serious!
I know you know.
You wanna make me say it?
Fine.
I'm not Sarasa Saionji!
Say what?
Are you satisfied?
There. I said it.
I'm not Sarasa.
I've been acting as her
double here for the past year,
but my real name
is Rina Akabane.
A whole year of winning games,
knowing that if I lost,
my secret was out.
And today, I lost to you.
You took the Red Star from me
when you won the game.
Which means you know the truth
that I was hiding.
Are you saying the Red Star
comes with some kind of penalty?
[SARASA]
Are you still playing dumb?
The Red Star holder
gets to tell a lie, right?
But if they lose it to someone,
that person gets to find out
what lie they told!
You must know that!
After all, you're the holder
of the Red Star now.
Listen, Akabane--
I mean, Saionji.
I'm afraid you've got
this whole thing wrong.
Until you told me just now,
I honestly had no idea
about your lie.
I really did get here yesterday,
and I really am still that inept
at using my Device.
Also, this is the first time
I'm hearing of the Red Star
having a disadvantage.
No way! That can't be true!
You beat me so easily,
and became a Seven Star
on your very first day!
I guess it does look like that
on the surface, huh?
But the truth is
I'm not a Seven Star at all.
That's actually the lie
I'm telling.
I'm using the Red Star's effect
to boost my status.
My legitimate rank
is only One-lousy-Star.
All I've got is the red one
I took from you.
I'm as low rank as they come.
I have my reasons
the same as you,
so I'm having to lie
about my ranking.
[SARASA]
Stop. Hang on.
Hold up a second.
Lemme get this straight.
You're not the strongest person
on Academy Island,
you won our game by accident,
and you seriously
didn't know my secret?
Yeah, that's more or less
the gist of it.
But, then that would mean,
I did all of this to myself?
[HIROTO]
Woah, wait a minute.
She's a double,
ergo she's not the real Empress.
So, it follows
that she's not a daughter
of the Saionji family.
Which means,
even though I beat her,
the director
would have no reason
to be angry with me, right?
So, why the heck did I even need
to become a Seven Star
in the first place?
/Eh. That's a dorm? Really?
It's one thing after another.
I mean, come on!
'Scuse me.
I welcome you home, Master.
Woah.
/[HIROTO]
Major cutie.